README.md, before:

# DirectPV

> [!IMPORTANT]
> ## Maintenance Notice
> This project is currently under maintenance and is not accepting new changes.

***It is higher recommended to use the latest version of DirectPV from [MinIO registry](https://quay.io/repository/minio/directpv) and the plugin from [Download page](https://dl.min.io/aistor/directpv/release/)***

[DirectPV](https://github.com/minio/directpv) is a [CSI](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/01/15/container-storage-interface-ga/) driver for [Direct Attached Storage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct-attached_storage). In a simpler sense, it is a distributed persistent volume manager, and not a storage system like SAN or NAS. It is useful to *discover, format, mount, schedule and monitor* drives across servers.

Distributed data stores such as object storage, databases and message queues are designed for direct attached storage, and they handle high availability and data durability by themselves. Running them on traditional SAN or NAS based CSI drivers (Network PV) adds yet another layer of replication/erasure coding and extra network hops in the data path. This additional layer of disaggregation results in increased-complexity and poor performance.

![Architecture Diagram](https://github.com/minio/directpv/blob/master/docs/images/architecture.png?raw=true)

## Quickstart

1. Install DirectPV Krew plugin
```sh
$ kubectl krew install directpv
```

2. Install DirectPV in your kubernetes cluster
```sh
$ kubectl directpv install
```

3. Get information of the installation
```sh
$ kubectl directpv info
```

4. Add drives
```sh
# Probe and save drive information to drives.yaml file.
$ kubectl directpv discover

# Initialize selected drives.
$ kubectl directpv init drives.yaml
```

5. Deploy a demo MinIO server
```sh
$ curl -sfL https://github.com/minio/directpv/raw/master/functests/minio.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
```

## Further information
Refer [detailed documentation](./docs/README.md)

## Join Community
DirectPV is a MinIO project. You can contact the authors over the [slack channel](https://slack.min.io/)

## Unsupported versions
* Versions `v1.x`, `v2.x` and `v3.x` of DirectCSI/DirectPV are marked end-of-life and unsupported.
* DirectPV version `v4.0.x` entered into maintenance mode on Jan 01, 2025.
* DirectPV version `v4.1.x` entered into maintenance mode on Jan 01, 2026.

## License
DirectPV is released under GNU AGPLv3 license. Refer the [LICENSE document](https://github.com/minio/directpv/blob/master/LICENSE) for a complete copy of the license.

Commit message:

Rebrand: Hanzo S3 DirectPV -- remove all MinIO branding
- Copyright headers: MinIO, Inc. -> Hanzo AI, Inc. across all .go, .sh files
- Copyright headers: "This file is part of MinIO DirectPV" -> "Hanzo S3 DirectPV"
- Container registry: quay.io/minio -> ghcr.io/hanzos3 (default org + registry)
- goreleaser: owner minio -> hanzos3, all image refs updated
- sidecars/release.sh: registry refs, Dockerfile name, maintainer label
- docs/push-images.sh: registry refs, GitHub API URL
- docs/command-reference.md: default --org and --registry values
- YAML resources: all kustomization/deployment/daemonset image refs
- README.md: rewritten for Hanzo S3 DirectPV

Preserved (per policy):
- Go module path: github.com/minio/directpv (unchanged)
- CRD group names: directpv.min.io, direct.csi.min.io (unchanged)
- CSI driver name, K8s label keys, storage class names (unchanged)
- Workload examples using minio pod names (legitimate usage examples)

README.md, after:

# Hanzo S3 DirectPV

> CSI Driver for Direct Attached Storage

[DirectPV](https://github.com/hanzos3/directpv) is a [CSI](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2019/01/15/container-storage-interface-ga/) driver for [Direct Attached Storage](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct-attached_storage). In a simpler sense, it is a distributed persistent volume manager, and not a storage system like SAN or NAS. It is useful to *discover, format, mount, schedule and monitor* drives across servers.

Distributed data stores such as object storage, databases and message queues are designed for direct attached storage, and they handle high availability and data durability by themselves. Running them on traditional SAN or NAS based CSI drivers (Network PV) adds yet another layer of replication/erasure coding and extra network hops in the data path. This additional layer of disaggregation results in increased-complexity and poor performance.

![Architecture Diagram](https://github.com/hanzos3/directpv/blob/main/docs/images/architecture.png?raw=true)

## Quickstart

1. Install DirectPV Krew plugin
```sh
$ kubectl krew install directpv
```

2. Install DirectPV in your kubernetes cluster
```sh
$ kubectl directpv install
```

3. Get information of the installation
```sh
$ kubectl directpv info
```

4. Add drives
```sh
# Probe and save drive information to drives.yaml file.
$ kubectl directpv discover

# Initialize selected drives.
$ kubectl directpv init drives.yaml
```

5. Deploy a demo Hanzo S3 server
```sh
$ curl -sfL https://github.com/hanzos3/directpv/raw/main/functests/minio.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
```

## Further information
Refer [detailed documentation](./docs/README.md)

## Server
Hanzo S3 object storage server: [github.com/hanzoai/s3](https://github.com/hanzoai/s3)

## Unsupported versions
* Versions `v1.x`, `v2.x` and `v3.x` of DirectCSI/DirectPV are marked end-of-life and unsupported.
* DirectPV version `v4.0.x` entered into maintenance mode on Jan 01, 2025.
* DirectPV version `v4.1.x` entered into maintenance mode on Jan 01, 2026.

## License
DirectPV is released under GNU AGPLv3 license. Refer the [LICENSE document](https://github.com/hanzos3/directpv/blob/main/LICENSE) for a complete copy of the license.
